DOC: sphinx documentation (#110)
geopandas/dask-geopandas: doc/source/docs/reference/geodataframe.rst

============
GeoDataFrame
============
.. currentmodule:: dask_geopandas

> A ``GeoDataFrame`` is a tabular data structure that contains a column
> which contains a ``GeoSeries`` storing geometry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A ``GeoDataFrame`` is a tabular data structure that contains a column
which stores geometries (a ``GeoSeries``).
```
